4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-documentation-added-required-qualifier.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: documentation
rank: 0
importance: 2
anchor: added-required-qualifier
title: Added "required" qualifier
blockquote: Thou must…
text: |

>   When extended, some classes need some virtual methods to be overrided in order to work. But it wasn't always obvious in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When extended, some classes need some virtual methods to be overrided in order to work. But it wasn’t always obvious in the documentation.
```

>   When extended, some classes need some virtual methods to be overrided in order to work. But it wasn’t always obvious in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When extended, some classes need some virtual methods to be overridden in order to work. But it wasn’t always obvious in the documentation.
```

>   This won’t be an issue moving forward, as now the new "required" qualifier will come right after "virtual" where applicable.

Reviewer 2: Should "required" and "virtual" here be formatted as inline code?
